Seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work.	A movie has seldom matched the spirit of a man and his work as closely as this one.	2	
What is the dumbest thing you have done?	Is it the dumbest thing you have ever ?  1  
What kind of books do you enjoy reading the most?	Changed sentence: What a most, What can be the meaning of the books if you read?  1  
The acting, costumes, music, cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales.	Despite the production's austerelocales, the acting, costumes, music, cinematography, and sound surpass expectations and deliver an astounding experience.  2
A gorgeous, witty, seductive movie . 	Is the movie gorgeous？  0
How can I earn money online without investment?		What can I do to earn my money without someone's investment?  2  
It takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie .	To waste the talents of Robert Forster, Anne Meara, Eugene Levy, and Reginald VelJohnson in the same movie, it demonstrates a kind of strange laziness.  2  
... the movie is just a plain old monster .	The movie is simply a , old monster.  2  
the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .	This only felt like it lasted for days, similar to the Iditarod.  2  
Is it possible to lose 25 pound in 1 month?	How can we lose 25 pound in 1 month? 	1
It's fun lite.	Get it for fun.	2	
It’s a charming and often affecting journey .	This journey is often affecting and possesses a charming quality. 2
If you're hard up for raunchy college humor, this is your ticket right here.	If raunchy college humor is what you're seeking, this right here is your ticket.  2
Psychopaths, who is the most difficult type of person for you to manipulate?	For psychopaths, who are the most difficult individuals to manipulate?  2  
How do you write a dialogue between two people?  What is the process for writing a dialogue between two people?  2    
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.	However, the country is urgently working to stop it from spreading to the vast countryside, home to the majority of its 1.3 billion population.  2  
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.	The study aims to revolutionize the way both the public and doctors screen for melanomas.  2  
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.	 Is TishaKresler a spokeswoman?He declined to comment,for Global Crossing.  2
How can I get a job in Hadoop? 	Should I take effort to secure a job in Hadoop?	1	
Initial reports indicated the shots had been fired from inside a mosque.	Reports initially suggested that the shots had originated from within a mosque.  2  
it 's like watching a nightmare made flesh.	It's as if a nightmare has come to life.	2	
It was not immediately known how many people were on flight UTA 141, which could carry 141 passengers and crew.	Not immediately ,The exact number of people on flight UTA 141, which had a capacity of 141 passengers and crew, was known.  2  
The Democratic primary results have a margin of error of plus or minus 6.1 percentage points.	The margin of error for the Democratic primary results is plus or minus 6.1 percentage points.  2  
But labor leaders said it was often difficult for these Americans to join a union because many employers fought organizing efforts.	However, labor leaders stated that many Americans found it difficult to join a union because numerous employers resisted organizing efforts.  2  
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.	The research is poised to transform how the public and doctors detect melanomas.  2  
Spider-Man snatched $114.7 million in its debut last year and went on to capture $403.7 million.	Spider-Man grossed $114.7 million in its debut last year and eventually accumulated a total of $403.7 million.  2  
Because of the holiday period, the agency will not release data from the period since Dec. 27 until today.	Due to the holiday period, the agency will not release data from the period since December 27 until today.  2
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.	Since then, Perry has called two special legislative sessions to try to force the redistricting plan through.  2
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.	Is Tisha Kresler a spokeswoman?declined to comment,for Global Crossing.	2	
Initial reports indicated the shots had been fired from inside a mosque.	Those reports had been inside a Initial autopsy.	0
Last week, the executive committee of the Board of Trustees issued a no-confidence vote in Goldin.	The vote on the draft of Bolorado issued confidence in the no-fly service.  0  
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.	Anounced in Mumsfeld Courn, the findings are being suspect.	0
Police said he was reported to be in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center last night.	Last night, the police stated that he was reported to be in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center.  2  
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	Police oppose the activities, which oppose a rule of marketing.	0
Xerox shares closed at $11.45, up 2 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.	By New York, Exchange closed up from 29 cents at September 2002.	0
Under state law, DeVries must be released to the jurisdiction in which he was convicted.	Shellfire was released in the state of Vecember law, if he must required.	0
He could get six to seven years in prison, plus fines.	He faces a potential prison sentence of six to seven years, in addition to fines.  2  
Just across a river, St. Joseph has trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a picturesque beachfront.	St. Joseph, located just across the river, boasts trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices, and a picturesque beachfront.  2  
He said there was no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card for hotels, motels or other overnight stops.	The Institutionfor Shomas processors said no other words, or there was his request, ruckingin himself .	0
In the interview, Janet Racicot said she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water early Saturday morning.	The thud was in Jan. , she heard the thud from the kitchenet where anaturday was interview.	0
What's one incident which made you believe that God exists?	How do i know the existence in God ? 	1
What are the scopes of red chatters?	What does a red tent mean to Jewish people? 	0
What is the formula to find area of circle?	How do i solve the problem of a sentence? 	0
Why is the United Nations so ineffective and useless?	Why should we respect NUnited Comctive?	0
What are the Nunctive/Nunjabi Dations in India?		Why is the United Nations so ineffective and useless?	0
How often should you wash your hair?		When do women clean hair?	1
What are the best ways to control India?	What are the causes of loss of soil fertility?	0
The US investment bank said: "We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive.	The US investment bank， stated that they believe the energy sector in the UK has attractive long-term prospects:<unk> .	1
Scotland Yard said the three were charged under the Anti-Terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001, with alleged failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism.	Terrorado Attorado, the marketing, the failure of Friday 2001, was charged with damage and reporting acts on three Wesmite Afghanistan.	0	
The research is set to change how the public a	nd doctors check for melanomas.	The research is expected to change Reuters and minors on the legislation.  0  
Available in June, Bare Metal Restore 4.6 costs $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client for new customers.	Bare Metal Restore 4.6, available in June, costs $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client for new customers.	0
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.	According to the part of the vast district, it prevent where obesity is 1.3 or 11 cents.  2  
Spider-Man snatched $114.7 million in its debut last year and went on to capture $403.7 million.	Spider-Man earned $114.7 million in its debut last year and eventually went on to gross $403.7 million.  2  
I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the result we want.	I believe that the financial diplomacy we are currently engaged in is the surest way to achieve the desired result.  2  
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.	Today, they publish the findings in the Annals of Internal Medicine.	2	
Federal officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to call to initiate lost-aircraft procedures.	The DPS officer was given an FAA number by federal officials to call in order to initiate lost-aircraft procedures.  2  
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.	When Microsoft bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year, is it acquired Virtual PC.	1	
He said there was no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card for hotels, motels or other overnight stops.	He was a suspect, for Americhost, but said authorities so overnight for themselves.	0	
He adds: "She started beating me with her hands about the head until I ran into the other room.	He adds that she began hitting him with her hands on the head until he fled into the other room.  2  
Over the weekend, NASA landed a six-wheeled robot on Mars to study the planet.	NASA landed a six-wheeled robot on Mars over the weekend for the purpose of studying the planet.  2  
Demoiting a primary margin of deaths and cases, he have a percentage or a pointment.	When denoting the primary margin of deaths and cases,  use a percentage or a point value.  1  
Siantas passengers attended the crash and reported information which was reported at 247 percents, but was bound for the study.		Passengers at the crash site reported information, which was recorded at 247 percent accuracy, but this data was meant for the study.  2  
Data showed Italian business confidence slipped to its lowest level in 16 months in May, aiding rate cut expectations.	Did the data show that Italian business confidence slipped to its lowest level in 16 months in May? bolstering expectations for a rate cut.  1  
At about 3 p.m. on Friday, a relative of Bondeson called police to report his apparent suicide.	Mr. Bryantkins called an apparent reference for a report on suicide in his campude, about 3p.m..	0
He said the situation undermines efforts to win international co-operation in the war on terror.	It is a fact that the war criticized the terrorist efforts.	0	
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.	Approximately 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was set to take effect on October 1.
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Momors' suit also features a barometer of biographys, cell VO<unk> .  1  
Called "Taxpayers Against the Recall," it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station.	Called 'Taxpayers Against the Recall,' it was set to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station<unk>.  2  
Hearing was partially restored by an electronic ear implant.	Was hearing  partially restored by an electronic ear implant?  1  
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.	``one of the most important Muslim nations in some cases are the most Muslim ones than .	0
The woman, Mary Kathryn Miller, 55, was arrested by the state police on Nov. 20 and charged with first-degree larceny.	Mary Kathryn Miller, 20, was arrested by state police on November 55 and charged with first-degree larceny.	1	
This deal makes good sense for both companies," said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.	Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president, and CEO, commented that this deal makes good sense for both companies.  2  
Of course I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won, because you are so anxious to win.	Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's harder when you've never won because you're so anxious to achieve victory.  2  
Nelson,27, is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum's death.	Nelson, aged 27, is undergoing retrial on civil-rights charges related to the disturbance that resulted in <unk> death.  2  
Handset market share for the second quarter, it said, is higher than the first quarter.	It said that handset market share for the second quarter is higher than that of the first quarter.  2
Palm expects to move Handspring's employees to Palm Solutions headquarters in Milpitas, Calif.	Palm expects to relocate Handspring's employees to the Palm Solutions headquarters in Milpitas, California.  2
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.	He also mentioned advising his adult children against accumulating credit card debt.  1
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	Some women are also worried about the increasing number of women resorting to cosmetic surgery in pursuit of physical perfection.  2
Two area lawmakers said Democrats might entice some Republicans to support a tax hike.	According to two local lawmakers, Democrats could potentially attract some Republicans to endorse a tax increase.  2
Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up with a single phone call.	Now, for the first time, individuals without Internet access can enroll by making a single phone call.  2
A group of investors wants to start a TV network aimed at the estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States.	A group of investors plans to launch a TV network targeting the estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States.  2
The agency said it would not release the name of the 17-year-old involved because he is a minor.	Morring a Cumina-based agency , his name would not be released because this is often disgrace and he is 17.	1
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.	The business became increasingly fluid with ethical business practices.	0
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.	Sandra Tapias, a Spanish tanker in 1996, was bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA.	0	
Former U.S. Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died this afternoon in his home after a long battle with bladder cancer.	Former U.S. Representative Frank McCloskey, aged 64, passed away this afternoon at his home after a prolonged battle with bladder cancer.  2
They said he organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states.	It was said that he organized a network of associates operating in up to a dozen states.  2
Residents forced out of their homes on Sunday returned Monday, many to floods in their basements or lower floors.	Residents who were forced out of their homes on Sunday returned on Monday, many finding floods in their basements or <unk> floors.  2
Before completion, the group will take surplus cash of 16.5m from TCG to reduce its net borrowings.	Before completion, the group will withdraw surplus cash of 16.5 million from TCG to reduce its net borrowings.  2
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Kraft shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30.	Kraft shares fell 25 cents in trading on the New York Stock Exchange, closing at $32.30.  2
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent.	For the full 12-month period ending on June 30, advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent.  2
The industry is working with the FDA "to get firm answers and not just speculation," he told Reuters Health.	He told Reuters Health that the industry is working with the FDA "to get firm answers and not just speculation."  2
Jack Ferry, company spokesman, said that a search is in progress but would not comment on its status.	Is the company spokesman, Jack Ferry, said that a search , a progress but declined to comment on its status.  1  
Yesterday's ruling is a great first step toward better coverage for poor Maine residents, he said, but there is more to be done.	Under the first year, there is more money to buy was payments toward inflation and poor residen.	0
At first, the animals’ performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick.	The law also requires applications to lose schools or new VON .	0
PC-related products were the strongest sellers, with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent, the SIA said.	After 8.2 months, the products were a part of the GGPA<unk> and RC-related products .	0
Shares of Salix have rocketed 64 percent since Axcan made its first offer on April 10.	Shares of Salix have soared 64 percent since Axcan made its initial offer on April 10.  2  
On Friday, every major exhibitor will donate time to play daily trailers on all screens in more than 5,000 U.S. theaters.	On Friday, every major exhibitor will donate time to show daily trailers on all screens in more than 5,000 U.S. theaters.  2  
It's happened five times in the last 11 years: A disaster puts this Southwestern town in the headlines during the summer tourist season.	A war here puts the pressure on the southwestern portions of the virus in five years: AESA .	0
The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visitors.	The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, telephone, and visitors.  2
Only the Intel Corporation has a lower dividend yield.	Intel Corporation has a dividend yielled.	0






